OADP-4622 Multiple BSL and VSL (#80125)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-configuring-dpa-multiple-bsl.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/configuring-oadp-multiple-bsl.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-configuring-dpa-multiple-bsl_{context}"]
= Configuring the DPA with more than one BSL

> You configure the DPA with more than one BSL and specify the credentials provided by the cloud provider.  

Reviewer: you can?

Reviewer: Is a "can" missing between You and configure at the beginning of the sentence?

Author: done.

.Prerequisites

* You must install the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You must create the secrets by using the credentials provided by the cloud provider.

.Procedure

. Configure the DPA with more than one BSL. See the following example.
+
.Example DPA
[source, yaml]
----
#...
backupLocations:
  - name: aws # <1>
    velero:
      provider: aws

>       default: true

Reviewer: later, in the example, this is explained, but would also add note here that if BSL is not selected during backup creation, default BSL is used

Reviewer 2: This IS a very important point, thank you @mateusoliveira43

Author: Got it. Will add a note here. Note will say something along the lines of  - If BSL is not set then default is used and at a time only one BSL can be set as default.

Author: done.

      objectStorage:
        bucket: <bucket_name> # <2>
        prefix: <prefix> # <3>
      config:
        region: <region> # <4>
        profile: "default"
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: cloud-credentials # <5>
  - name: odf # <6>
    velero:
      provider: aws
      default: false
      objectStorage:
        bucket: <bucket_name> 
        prefix: <prefix> 
      config:
        profile: "default" 
        region: <region_name>
        s3Url: <url> # <7>
        insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
        s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: <custom_secret_name_odf> # <8>
#...
----
<1> Specify a name for the first BSL.

> <2> Specify a bucket name.

Reviewer: instead of "a" I would use "the" because the bucket must be already be created prior to this step. Using "a" can give the wrong impression it will be created for you

Author: done.

> <3> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.

Reviewer: Would rewrite here because prefix is required when spec.backupImages is not set to false

end of sentence gives impression this is optional

Author: Will rewrite.

Author: done.

<4> Specify the AWS region for the bucket.
<5> Specify the name of the default `Secret` object that you created.
<6> Specify a name for the second BSL.
<7> Specify the URL of the S3 endpoint.
<8> Specify the correct name for the `Secret`, for example, `custom_secret_name_odf`. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.

> . Specify the storage location to be used in the backup CR. See the following example.

Reviewer: we are using BSL or Backup Storage Location to refer to this oblect. Should we be consistent here?

Author: done.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/configuring-oadp-multiple-bsl.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-configuring-dpa-multiple-bsl_{context}"]
= Configuring the DPA with more than one BSL

You configure the DPA with more than one BSL and specify the credentials provided by the cloud provider.  

.Prerequisites

* You must install the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You must create the secrets by using the credentials provided by the cloud provider.

.Procedure

. Configure the DPA with more than one BSL. See the following example.
+
.Example DPA
[source, yaml]
----
#...
backupLocations:
  - name: aws # <1>
    velero:
      provider: aws
      default: true
      objectStorage:
        bucket: <bucket_name> # <2>
        prefix: <prefix> # <3>
      config:
        region: <region>> # <4>
        profile: "default"
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: cloud-credentials # <5>
  - name: odf # <6>
    velero:
      provider: aws
      default: false
      objectStorage:
        bucket: <bucket_name> 
        prefix: <prefix> 
      config:
        profile: "default" 

>         region: minio

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        region: <region_name>
```

        s3Url: <url> # <7>
        insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
        s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: <custom_secret_name_odf> # <8>
#...
----
<1> Specify a name for the first BSL.
<2> Specify a bucket name.
<3> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
<4> Specify the AWS region for the bucket.
<5> Specify the name of the default `Secret` object that you created.
<6> Specify a name for the second BSL.
<7> Specify the URL of the S3 endpoint.
<8> Specify the correct name for the `Secret`, for example, `custom_secret_name_odf`. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.

. Specify the storage location to be used in the backup CR. See the following example.
+
.Example backup CR
[source,yaml]
----
# ...
spec:
  includedNamespaces:
  - <namespace> # <1>
  storageLocation: <backup_storage_location> # <2>

>   defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true

Reviewer 3: We can remove this line

Author: Done. thanks.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/configuring-oadp-multiple-bsl.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-configuring-dpa-multiple-bsl_{context}"]
= Configuring the DPA with more than one BSL

You can configure the DPA with more than one BSL and specify the credentials provided by the cloud provider.  

.Prerequisites

* You must install the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You must create the secrets by using the credentials provided by the cloud provider.

.Procedure

. Configure the DPA with more than one BSL. See the following example.
+
.Example DPA

> [source, yaml]

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
```

----

> #...

Reviewer 5: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#required-fields:~:text=Include%20the%20apiVersion%20and%20kind%20so%20that%20a%20user%20always%20knows%20the%20context%20of%20the%20YAML.

Reviewer 5: The YAML blocks here and in other spots are missing some required fields that cannot be omitted, `APIversion` and `kind`

Author: Added the `APIversion` and `kind` fields at all the locations where they were missing. Thanks.

backupLocations:
  - name: aws # <1>
    velero:
      provider: aws
      default: true # <2>
      objectStorage:
        bucket: <bucket_name> # <3>
        prefix: <prefix> # <4>
      config:

>         region: <region> # <5>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        region: <region_name> # <5>
```

        profile: "default"
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: cloud-credentials # <6>
  - name: odf # <7>
    velero:
      provider: aws
      default: false
      objectStorage:
        bucket: <bucket_name> 
        prefix: <prefix> 
      config:
        profile: "default" 
        region: <region_name>
        s3Url: <url> # <8>
        insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
        s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: <custom_secret_name_odf> # <9>
#...
----
<1> Specify a name for the first BSL.

> <2> This is the default BSL. If BSL is not set in the `Backup CR`, then default BSL is used. Also note that, you can set only one BSL as the default.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<2> This parameter indicates that this BSL is the default BSL. If a BSL is not set in the `Backup CR`, the default BSL is used. You can set only one BSL as the default.
```

<3> Specify the bucket name.

> <4> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<4> Specify a prefix for Velero backups; for example, `velero`.
```

<5> Specify the AWS region for the bucket.
<6> Specify the name of the default `Secret` object that you created.
<7> Specify a name for the second BSL.
<8> Specify the URL of the S3 endpoint.

> <9> Specify the correct name for the `Secret`, for example, `custom_secret_name_odf`. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<9> Specify the correct name for the `Secret`; for example, `custom_secret_name_odf`. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.
```
